Hey Rod, there?

mohit.. im here..

mohit ?

yup
there were 4 pdf, I have opened all in the chrome tab please check it once.


mohit can u teach me how to run the automation ..... 

sure

lets do IT...

The files are in "C:\ShopeeAutomation"

now double clcik on the "automation.bat" file

HARDware problems mohit... 
yup chrome got stucl, we can just restart that.


question mohit.. 

this pc only has single core... 8 gb of ram...  i think it will not suffice..

It's fine, as we are opening just the chrom and some clicks. I have ran it just now. see the files

The files just got created, it migh stuck just because 
of something chromes. or ui, but that too will stuck in 
the begin only not in between.

Let's run it again

there won't be any order as I have just run this.

question..

shopee sometimes add some shipping options like NINJA van..

can we also have option for that ? 

We have to add those. right now it's not supported for standard and jt.

another question....

can we make it one time print... no need to click the pdf one by one ? 

No, because we need to edit the pdf, if we are click all at once.
that it would be very very hard to edit those.
but we can merge the pdf in the last, that will work ?


let me give you an example...

for example.. today is shopee sale... and we have 200 orders...
clicking 200 orders one by one is really really hard..... 

We can run this every 30 minutes, 
so we don't need to worry about the order right?

let me give you a one day process..

for example if you have orders today at 8 am singapore time...

you have only 3 hours to prepare and put the products in plastic pouch and print the waybill and stick the waybill to pouch
because J and T motorcycle will pickup the products by 11 am singapore time ....

Okay, but if we are click pdf once, then it will be really difficult to edit the pdf and sometimes, it can cause mismtach of the product to write.

wait im thinking.... the purpose of this automation is to ease up everything right ? so whats our other options... mohit..
Automation is easing your work right.
you have to just double click the "automation.bat" file.
Then it will login go to shippment, fetch the pdf, save it and edit it. and in the end it will merge.
All you have to just double click on single file.

so there are no options on bulk printing for now ?  

Yes, you are correct. because if will mass print then it not possible to edit the pdf.

pdf is very hard to edit, because it don't have any structure.

hmm ok ... how bout exporting it as JPEG instead of PDF but still same size a6 paper.... what do u think ? 

We have save it as pdf, not jpeg and even image files don't have any structure, you have to use heavy python packages to load it.
which will increase the process timing.

hmm.. right now we just used the other pc to just test the sample... because its not working on windows 7.. 

wait im thinking...

Suree, We have write the code to take less time and completing the purprose too.
Only thing is to merge the pdf, which will help to print easily. and that too can be added in short time only.
Pdf and jpeg are hard to modify that is why we have to go one by one only.

for example today we have 200 orders... I dont think this pc can handle that task... this one only has single core.. and 8 gb of RAM..
I can handle, as it's a click on the chromes. plus you can run it every 30-60 minutes, so it won't have to process this many
orders in a single go.

mohit . i will buy new pc....  what day are u free to install it again ? 

When you are available? I can install it.
But honestly it can handle 200 orders without any issue.

there will be support after this right ? 

Yup, for one month as we have talk.

let me check print the pdf on a6 paper and take a picture with it to see... wait..

mohit

yes

there are some minor problems..

i will take a picture on the waybill so u can see.
sure

what's the issue?

check this one.

I checked that, but that is something I'm not changing, because if we are then all the waybill will be having issue.


wait

quantity is 3 

orders appeneded are only 2 as u can see

no, there are 3 only, that you can see.

"1 x ", this means varition is not there. Can you please open the order details of the order id.

plus the font .. can we make it bigger and bolder ? 

that need to check the font one.

wait

if you see there is no variation for the last product., but the quantity is added .



mohit give me 2 mins .
sure


??

ROD there?

mohit .. im here ..

so the variation is the problem .. 

problem like it's not there, that's why it is coming blank, but the quantity will be there.


some font are not clear.. can you do something about this to make it more visible ?
we can change the font type.

arial is ok ? 

We have limited font type, and arial is not one of them.

so what are the choices

I need to check those again, the supported ones.

when can u get back to me ?  

give me a movement, even I need youy the font name, it won't make differenece. I have tested all, this on was the best, it' supports only 5-6 fonts.

can we make it bigger a bit instead ? 

then it's going outside the box.


just a bit mohit

It's not that simple to increase the points, we can adjust the points, we have to make the scale based on the text, 
I tried it all but out of luck. pdf :( 


please enter the otp there

ROD there?

?????

Rod??

you there????.
..

wait.. my stomarch hurts

this is the otp


152460

there are no orders, But I have make the fonts bold, so it will help.

yes. thanks. lets wrap this up and will pay u on upwork.....
One more thing, I have added the code for merge pdf, so you will have a single pdf. :)

it will be exported automatically to the folder : 
Next time you will have pdf, all the pdf will be merge 
into merge.pdf in the update_pdf folder, make sure you have copy before running the next automation

copy of what ?  

the merge.pdf, once the automation is completed, you will have merge.pdf file in the "update_pdf" folder.
So next time before you runnin ght automation make sure you are copying that file "merge.pdf", because it will get overwritten.


there are 2 shipment options right ?  so the merge pdf will include the J and T and Standary Delivery ?

Yes

everything would be on a6 right ?

Yes :)


were good Mohit..... will pay u now on upwork...

1 moNTH support. thank u very much..

Yes Rod for sure. after payment, please make sure to give us the feedback, feedback can be given after end contract :)
Even I will make sure to give the feedback :)

ok mohit. thanks... lets meet at upwork... thank u again..

Thanks :)
